BD-2339 Update conditional logic (#5923)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/conditional_logic.md

{% endraw %}

## Accounting for null, nil, and blank attribute values

Conditional logic is a useful way to account for attribute values that aren't set in user profiles.

### Null and nil attribute values

> A null or nil value occurs when the value of a custom attribute has not been set. For example, a user who has not yet set their first name will not have a first name in Braze's database.

Reviewer: Style guide edit: not using "Braze" as a possessive
```suggestion
A null or nil value occurs when the value of a custom attribute has not been set. For example, a user who has not yet set their first name will not have a first name logged in Braze.
```

{% endraw %}

### Blank attribute values

> A blank value occurs when the attribute on a user profile either isn't set or is set with an empty string. Blank values should be checked before other variables.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to word as you see fit but blank here is probably ruby language evaluation of blank.  That means nil/null PLUS all the empty values.  https://apidock.com/rails/Object/blank%3F

Definition here is pretty accurate, I think you're missing false

> A blank value occurs when the attribute on a user profile isn't set, is set with an whitepace string (i.e., ` ` ), or is set as `false`. Blank values should be checked before other variables to avoid a Liquid processing error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blank value occurs when the attribute on a user profile isn't set, is set with a whitespace string (i.e., ` ` ), or is set as `false`. Blank values should be checked before other variables to avoid a Liquid processing error.
```
